# Frequently Asked Questions

1. Which development environment should I use?

Low-experienced developers are recommended using *Visual Studio Code DevContainers* (read [*Visual Studio Code Dev Containers* section in SETUP_DEV_ENVIRONMENT.md](./SETUP_DEV_ENVIRONMENT.md#visual-studio-code-dev-containers)) because it provides a ready-to-use environment (based on Docker) which is guaranteed to work, and it also provides the IDE and tools to work on the project very easily.

Advanced developers are recommended using this project in the native operating systems of their computers (read [*In a native operating system* section in SETUP_DEV_ENVIRONMENT.md](./SETUP_DEV_ENVIRONMENT.md#in-a-native-operating-system)), as it guarantees the maximum performance and versatility.

2. Why aren't the puzzles parsing the whole input file first?

To generate the optimal solution to every puzzle, this project considers that parsing the input file should be considered part of the challenge too. So, all the benchmarks generated by the solutions include the time spent in parsing the input data.

Additionally, the goal of the solution implementations is to have a complexity (*Big O Notation*) of `O(n)`, i.e. the code only loops once in the input data.

Having a low complexity indicator is a good indicator that the performance of the implemented code is good, because it means that the code is not wasting CPU time looping around the same data again and again.

3. Why does the project force unit testing on every puzzle?

This project is concern on its quality assurance, so the code can evolve and be modified safely without caring about breaking the code base.

Also, the unit tests for each of the parts of every puzzle help the developers to validate their code solution against the examples provided in the *Advent of Code* webpage.

Another advantage of the usage of unit tests is that other developers can contribute to this project by suggesting better, easier and faster implementations to any of the puzzles, assuring that their contributions are compliant with the expected result.

4. Why doesn't it use pre-existing crates to apply complex algorithms?

The point of this project is learning. By using code made by other people, we stop learning the basic of the language as well as the concepts of software development.
